Fourth set of Scrimba links (#42342)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/html_table_basics/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> Even though `<colgroup>` and `<col>` mainly facilitate styling, they are an HTML feature, therefore we've covered them here rather than in our CSS modules. Is it also fair to say that they are a _limited_ feature — as shown on the [`<colgroup>` reference page](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/colgroup#usage_notes), only a limited subset of styles can be applied to a `<col>` element, and most of the other settings that were historically available have been deprecated (removed, or flagged for removal).

## Interactive table basics summary

> The following embedded content from Scrimba <sup>[_MDN learning partner_](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Learning_content#partner_links_and_embeds)</sup> provides an interactive lesson summarizing most of the techniques taught in this article. Check it out for a recap of the most important points and some extra practice.

Reviewer: add a link on Scrimba?
```suggestion
The following embedded content from Scrimba<sup>[_MDN learning partner_](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Learning_content#partner_links_and_embeds)</sup> provides an interactive lesson summarizing most of the techniques covered in this article. Check it out for a recap of the keys points and some extra practice.
```
